General Manager Wang, do you have any orders?
Get Deputy Director General Li to the office.
Yes.
General Manager Wang, you're looking for me for a job.
General Director Li is not off work yet.
No shame is the senior figure of the company.
It's homemade.
Watch what you say
I worked in Dang Wang for 30 years.
He has long considered the company his home.
Contribute a little to your family, what else to compare?
Dedication to the company
I see you gave that one hundred million to Wang Vinh, right?
General Director Wang, I don't know what you mean.
My father's country was dominated by gangs in the new energy world.
There's also Deputy Prime Minister Tanyang.
Can you see your loved ones?
See for yourself, you used your wife's bank card to transfer money with Wang Dung Dung. It's all on it.
Don't be lucky.
I can find meaning in your wife's head.
Haha, in the gutter.
This has nothing to do with my family.
This is what Master Long forced me to do.
Uncle, please forgive my wife and children.
Let him go.
You mean Wang and Ye Chen took advantage of this new energy project to make Fars empty box.
To work for Dang Vuong Corporation.
It's done.
Okay, I'll give you a chance to make amends.
You tell General Director Wang
This project I promised the finance department will transfer 50 billion cooperation coins within 24 hours.